well howdy there internet people it's
beau again
so today we're doing our second annual
i guess uh fundraiser to raise money
for kids in a shelter um we're gonna set
them up
with gifts for christmas hopefully y'all
can hear me
see people are starting to come into the
chat
um so that
is what we're going to be doing today
here we go hi social rose
all right so yeah so that's the plan
this year
what we're hoping uh
what we're hoping to get is some
tablets uh earbuds
case netflix card and a gift card
um so they can use that for whatever
that's the main goal
thank you anna let's kick this off right
that's right
um that's the main goal beyond that
one of the people at the shelter said
that they could use some
uh pajamas
so we'll try to take care of that as
well
the uh the only difference between this
year and last year
is that last year we had to get bags and
put this together
for five teams so this year we need 12
so
just yeah that's that's gonna be a thing
uh
now the good news is that the last few
live streams we've done we didn't
actually have a set goal
so we we're already starting off with
some
some funds in the bank to get this done
um don't animal shelters too thank you
catherine a
uh yes this shelter
the one that we're going to be doing
this for is shelter house
of northwest florida um
the this shelter in particular they
actually have their own little kennel
because something they found out was
that people were reluctant to leave
their
abuser because the abuser might go after
pets so when shelterhouse found this out
they're like okay well i guess we have
to open a kennel now
so they now have that thank you lisa
thank you keith
and so this
this time of year is a stressful time
it also tends to put a lot of stress
on this type of situation so it stresses
these facilities
thank you susan ritz thank you
tyler bybee um
and so at the end of the day
we're gonna get them tablets we're going
to thank you
t t fod thog
thank you julie pemberton thank you ali
mazzaro
[Music]
thank you betsy wingert um
so we get them tablets um people have
asked
why i uh why we do that why we go after
tablets and this year we debated about
tablets or chromebooks
the reason we do it is because these
facilities they're they're safe they're
what they need but they aren't
really social and if there are other
children
in the house the kids are going to get
to the younger kids will be able to
monopolize the tv or whatever
this gives the teens a place to retreat
to that's their own
you know it may just be a screen but
it's something that they can
they can do and that they can kind of
pull back from and be alone with their
own thoughts if they need to thank you
christina mccracken thank you bj
drenth thank you nh i can't think of a
better use of my va disability honey
i wish i could do more i watch every
video you make thank you
thank you carla driver um
so that's the reason we do tablets we if
you're on twitter you know we've been
polling trying to figure out whether
tablets or chromebooks was the was the
answer and people
it was close but most people most young
people
just said they would prefer a tablet uh
thank you
indie guest loved your old
appeal to generation x video from your
old channel
ever thought about making a read of that
video yes
that's something we're gonna we're gonna
do we're gonna go through
a lot of that old content and bring it
back in in an updated way
thank you one ballerina thank you
michelle c thank you tammy martin
um i love that we're also helping the
animals thank you
yeah they actually it's funny because
the shelter house
actually has a function that allows you
to donate specifically to the kennel
which i thought was really cool um
thank you michael crowley there's also
another thing that the same this same
facility does
is they put together kits uh for people
who were assaulted
um so when they get to a hospital they
can have friends
fresh change of clothes all of the stuff
they need because you may not want to
put that stuff back
on this i have worked with this
particular group
in one way or another for like a decade
they are great
and they are very forward-thinking they
try to
any possible reason that somebody might
have to stay
they figure out a way around it they
figure out a way to overcome it
it's a really good group of people thank
you
james lonergan thank you
tasha marlow someone
asked if there's a way to donate
that youtube doesn't take a cut okay so
i think it's shelter
shelterhousenwfl.com
they have their own link that wouldn't
go to the gifts
but it would go to the facility and they
always need cash
because they they are forward thinking
because they have new programs
all the time um and
it there are a number of ways
to donate um now realistically as far as
youtube
taking a cut i normally just eat that
whatever gets donated is what we spend
um
in fact the money that comes in today we
won't get until
like sometime in 2021 um
so we're we keep the fund
that we use for stuff like this we keep
money in it so
if something happens if there's an
emergency we can act immediately
um so let's see thank you
diana sklanz one day will you make
one day will you tell the complete
you're not gonna make it story in detail
uh sure i'll give you a shorter version
i was headed somewhere and i was new and
i was very nervous and
a person who had been there and tasted
the chip multiple times was just like
you know what you're probably gonna die
what and then he went on to explain you
know the sooner you accept that
the less scared you are the less likely
you are to make a mistake
um and that's yeah i mean that's kind of
the whole story
without all of the stuff that makes it
super interesting but
uh thank you hockey hooligan thank you
ethan brunning
thank you jody gulling
thank you s comm dmz9
and thank you uh thank you smiles
thank you taylor zettle
uh you got now y'all are the inspiration
y'all actually do this
realistically i'm just a shipping clerk
when it comes to stuff like this
um this is true of this it's true of the
stuff we did for the hospitals
all of it i'm just the focal point of
you all doing all the work
um so thank you suzanne barry
thank you fred durnam
thank you kurt espidal here's the
pajamas that is pajamas
uh thank you nick h
thank you greg lawless thank you bruce
dole thank you
tim ketner looks like of the screaming
eagles there
thank you ross
concerning your own dogs do you ever
boop this now all the time
all the time actually thank you mel
m thank you naomi lahain
thank you ken clive you're one of the
many good influences i've found this
year
i'm now getting more involved in
organizing with dsa and my fellow tech
workers
and i'm committed to it for the long
haul
thank you bad pirate monkey thank you
for an opportunity to do a hanukkah
mitzvah
wish it could be more it
we'll get it everybody's everybody's
doing their part
uh thank you william sharp
sharp thank you the three-fifths
thanks beau happy to support looking
forward to following
two times oh yes and just so everybody
knows
the second channel now exists there's a
placeholder for it there's just a short
video on there explaining what it's
going to be
it's called the roads with bow
thank you steffi stacy peterson
thank you mv thank you james wesley
thank you william helm thank you bad
for life
uh thank you
bill plymon
hey bo been watching since you were 5
000 subs
always wanted to show support the show
thank you
yeah it has been a wild ride it's crazy
to think that
we did this a year ago i like that it's
already been a year
um thank you mek
scrap i'm going to butcher this scrap
tracks scrap tracks
i've been using your channel to help
spark needy conversations amongst my
friends
i love hearing that thank you kirk
herrick
great for you for your time and all your
relevant content you bring it to each
day
thank you merlot
how do i find local places that do work
like
shelter house if they even exist
um in nova okay so there is
what is it's the national domestic
violence hotline
you can call them and basically tell
them that you want to
you know get involved or whatever give
them your location
they will tell you facilities near you
and then check them out
some are better than others some are
literally just like a crash house to get
out for the night
some are full programs so
not all of them are like the one we're
doing this for right now the one we're
doing this for right now is like
exemplary they they're really good
um so just definitely check them out a
little bit
but yeah there are the national i want
to say national coalition against
domestic violence
is what it's called and they have a
hotline they have a number you can call
um thank you michelle smell
do you have any tips for vetting local
charities
yeah talk to somebody who's used them um
i actually got involved with shelter
house because years ago
i was doing a an unarmed defense course
and we gave
slots in the class to various charities
and they sent two people over and it
seemed odd to me
because they're these two older women
that are showing up to
a program that is generally for
people going overseas like contractors
and i was like what are these people
doing here because i actually didn't
know that slots had been given away to
charity
uh and i went and talked to them and
they explained how they did things at
the time and
like i mean they it's basically whitsec
like you call them they show up and
you're out
you're gone um it's it's they're amazing
thank you carpe diem thank you in mass
thank you travis hudson thank you the
nearly all my money goes to ptsd dog
programs
i visit shelters like this to socialize
our pups and spread some peace
so shelter keeping a kennel to help save
lives is phenomenal
uh yeah they really are great like i
i when they first it was probably five
six years ago when they first did the
the shelter thing for the animals and
the
director at the time called me michelle
called me and she's like hey you know
we're gonna do this thing to raise money
for a kennel and i'm like
okay i'm in but what and then she
explained it to me because honestly it
was something i had never thought of
until then um
thank you keith davies thank you rise of
fascism that seems like a weird thing to
thank
uh all i can afford
i was one of those kids in the shelter
before thank you uh
thank you ashey ashier pritchett
jose
thank you for that it's pronounced oc
let's see a i can't even read it that
way man i'm horrible
thank you j j mo thank you narco asa
um the tablets are needed for school too
as well as for anything else wish i
could do more financially i'm very
constrained
you guys y'all don't have to explain
anything right now is going to help um
we're
we're going to be able to do this i i
have no concern about that
we're we're going to be able to solve
this problem
um you know last year we set out to do
it
and we got i want to say the live stream
was only an hour long
and we got enough to do the five tablets
and buy a
just truckload of cleaning supplies that
they needed at the time
there's a video on it somewhere
thank you jackie hudson
thanks to all those thoughts that
provoke me to think
thank you dana guitar locket like a
thank you ineffable stream
thank you ksi and our chaotic
i'm glad i found you when i did you have
given me more hope for the usa than any
political party has uh
uh hoping the people at least
not sure about the parties to be honest
uh thank you joe nowick
thanks for your thoughtfulness besides
you helped me keep even killed during
these crazy days
yeah and they're just it's just getting
wilder and wilder but
i i think that a lot of this is going to
be resolved soon and things will start
to
calm down but we still have problems so
we still have to stay engaged
thank you rights crispy thank you vadar
moores
be sure to like and share the stream to
get the word out and get it trending
yeah thank you and thank all of you for
handling my advertising because i'm
really bad about it
uh thank you camille w thank you
in widow one thank you
all set follow the rules 303 nice
uh thank you essay cinnabons
we will we will thank you taja marlow
taj is fine i want to encourage more
exemplary places like this it sounds
hecking amazing
there should be places like this
everywhere they really should they
really should
this one actually handles like several
counties
because there aren't enough of these
facilities
uh thank you all set thank you sarah
farlow
thank you carl swenson too bad you can't
raise money like campaigning
right yeah there's a part of me after
seeing the way trump's been raising
money i'm like
maybe i should run for senate but not in
hopes of winning just to get that so we
can use it for good stuff
[Applause]
thank you super catman uh montana is
heading for some dark times after a
republican sweep in november scared for
our future
thank you lulu uh do you plan to make
any more videos on trans issues
transphobes don't listen to us
so yes now
as soon as as soon as biden takes office
we'll probably be more focused on the
social issue
we're for foreign policy stuff
you know international affairs i haven't
done anything on an international time
on um
it looks like we had a slight interrupt
uh thanks for doing what you're doing
ed trevors for anybody because last time
i
he's an anglican priest and
he carries a lot of uh similar messages
um so
i'm hoping everything i just said came
back through
because i'm saying
just in case i missed anything thank you
carrie collins taylor white
um ed trevors is who ed is when i
mention him
um thank you cf
in memory of my former wife
thank you blair medawan thoughts on
joining the sra i'm moving from the west
coast to midway
state and was planning on buying
figured they might be an lgbt friendly
resource
they oh they are the sra is
literally the socialist rifle
association it's the left-wing version
of the nra only
not like the nra
if you are looking for a group they're a
good one there's also
there's redneck revolt there's john
brown gun club there's a whole bunch of
them that are left
leaning like inherently and then there
are a bunch of clubs that
they don't set out to be left-wing but
they are um
let's see thank you ryan matlock thanks
for your insight
and work in community building and
mutual aid that's going to be a big part
of the second channel
we're actually going to show it being
done
thank you polar prince
greetings from canada thank you for
thank you thank you full 103.
thank you pocketbrain
keep up the good work in wing it doesn't
accept paypal
i i didn't know that actually
it seemed like it it that seems like
something it should accept
um thank you
austin chaibozzur chai
chai bishop um thank you jk
thank you rice crispy
fit the upcoming bill of rights day
because
eight or eight thank you paper creations
season's greeting from wichita kansas
thank you
hp 111 happy holidays
thank you mark brooks i hope you come to
virginia and your travels coming up
yes that's there there's apparently a
lot of you in virginia
we have a list of places where people
have said hey
we have a network we need help with x or
we want
this and once the public health stuff
clears up
we're going to be on the road doing that
and that's really
what a big part of that second channel
is going to be
because there's a big difference between
talking about it like i do on this
channel
and actually seeing it be done because
it's
it sounds harder than it is um
see there's a democratic socialist
candidate for governor
lee carter care to comment don't know
enough about them um
to to have an opinion thank you pink
moon
thank you sway l a persuade ls
i definitely appreciate the way you
shine lights on things from a different
perspective thank you
uh thank you brian nelson greetings from
clay county missouri
thank you scott proctor mel and
sue proctor are awesome
i just want to to make sure i
got my parents a shout out they love
your channel
thank you melon sue uh
thank you pf ballman
thank you zz roop one of the few voices
of
see when people say that it scares me
thank you eli thank you pf balman
i didn't type a message last time bro
how old are you
i'm 40-ish
thank you u.s grant keep up the good
work
are you a fan of ken burns yeah i mean
it i am in the sense that
it's it's a way that history gets
presented that's entertaining
um that gets people engaged and then it
brings them
to ask deeper questions um
i it's a good starting point um
thank you sheila owens i watch ed
trevors too
he had one of your t-shirts on the other
day yeah that's awesome
i actually i have to admit that like i
actually follow his stuff
way closer than i do most people's
[Music]
like so much so that i'll actually look
at his analytics and see how the channel
is growing
because i think because of
his because of his position he
is somebody that can resonate and reach
people that
most people who carry a similar message
can't reach um i i think he's incredibly
valuable
thank you tim kettner times are hard
right now for some of your followers
right now this is a donation in their
names
thank you thank you
peter shuler thanks for your educational
and calming
content
thank you therea thank you
cambria lane thanks for being a helper
mr rogers fan right there thank you
bosco neptune
discovered you about six months ago um
hyperbole free i try anyway there are
times
that i uh i mean i'm like anybody else
there are moments when i'm
i i get a little
over the top i guess
thank you bobsman101
curious if you've heard much about
polymer 80
no hadn't heard about it at all but i
will take a look
thank you julie peppers thank you noel
spencer
thank you jay blank
very much appreciate everything you do
both with community outreach and all the
vets
y'all y'all do it i mean
like i said without y'all i really am
just some old grumpy guy
yelling at himself in his shed thank you
sally mclaughlin
thank you restoring a demoralized
america
what do you think about the house
passing the bill to ban anonymous
entities
i would have to look into it and see the
fine points of the bill
which is probably like tonight will end
up being kind of a research night for me
thank you shiranami 23
happy holidays to all thank you vadar
morse
where did you have to look to find
foreign history books
ebay of all places ebay
that's a good place to start if you
don't travel
is ebay and for those that don't know
one of the things that can give you a
real clear picture of how much
american history is written to
cast the united states in the best light
is looking
at history books from other countries um
thank you tyler eric thank you
kathleen balmadson thank you jennifer
gridley
you are a light in my day you all are
too
thank you noel spencer thank you for
shining a light on this difficult times
black girls on fleet thank you
hopefully no idea what the cause is but
i'm just inspired by the amount of
donations in the generous community
we are i should say that every once in a
while we're raising money to get
gifts for kids that are currently in
domestic violence shelters
specifically teens because they often
get left out
the marines do a really good job of
taking care of smaller children through
toys for tots
but the older kids tend to get left out
of it
thank you jonathan
thank you for all thank you for all that
you do
um and all that you've taught me over
the last few years i've listened to you
here
thank you um thank you willem dietrich
please help us get the word out about
casey goodson
i have a feeling that as soon
as the
the lawsuit stuff for the election is
handled
i think everybody's going to hear that
name um i
what what i've been able to find out
about it so far
leads me to believe that that's probably
going to be a topic for a while
um because i don't i
i don't think that that one's going to
go away i think that will
end up being like floyd i think it's
going to be a name we're going to hear
um thank you joe
simpser thank you paul lucier
thank you taj how do you feel about that
streamer felony nonsense
they're trying to pass
sneak into a must-pass bill
i actually this you know normally when i
get asked about something i have at
least a vague
clue of what you're i haven't heard
about this at all um
take a screenshot real quick i'll look
into that that
sounds like something that i would end
up doing a video on
um
thank you moy diablos
thank you joshua brown so who's moving
to new california or new nevada
yeah i saw that today that's you know
the reality
is stuff like that actually helps
at the end of the day when those are
your allies
it kind of shows the merits of the case
thank you maria r
can't afford super chat i'd just like to
say in tangent to this cause
i'd like to bring up how transphobia
affects trans folks
likelihood to report abuse
and that's probably a very accurate
statement i would
there are so many one of the things that
i've realized after
helping with this particular cause for
for a while
is one of the major
problems is getting people to overcome
their
their reluctance to seek help in a lot
of cases the help is there
but but they don't they don't look for
it
because it is hard and as much as we
like to say
well they just need to get out it's not
that easy there's a whole bunch of
of issues they have to overcome and
that's one of them um
you know it's really easy to say just
get out
and it's i know i've said it but it
realistically when you get into the
issue it isn't that simple
thank you ed trevors
god bless you this channel your mission
and all you do love from the trevor's
family
that's that's who i was talking about
earlier i don't know if he was on stream
or not
um thank you douglas miles you're mr
rogers for
adults that's what we set out to be i
was really hoping that
we would uh it was one of the things
that we really
wanted when we started this when when i
started taking it seriously
um so
i really uh i really appreciate this and
the way everything's going
um and we we are
i mean i haven't been keeping track
of what's coming in thank you rebel scum
thank you thank you dayblade57
that's a good cause to donate to indeed
glad to contribute and thank
you always seeing and sharing the unique
angle on the stories you report
um
thank you colt guyson
i've been watching you religiously for
the last two years glad i finally count
one of these
thank you for everything you do thank
you unibyte
your content has provided me with some
hope for the future
yeah that's what we need right now a lot
of
hope yeah the live streams we normally
do them around the same time
um we somebody pointed out recently that
i never do them on the weekends
so i did one and then somebody asked me
to do one
in uh like basically in the middle of
the night
which given the fact i really don't
sleep much i mean i could do that i
never really thought about doing it then
i assumed most
people were asleep but i guess as much
as this is grown
with time zones it would make sense
anyone think bo should do book books on
tape
uh thank you taylor zettle
thanks for pronouncing my name correctly
i don't know if i did but
you truly help remind me that there is
hope
thank you karen sita kate to the party
what are we raising money for teens in a
domestic violence shelter
we're getting them tablets ear earbuds
case for the tablets netflix cards stuff
so they can kind of retreat
and have a place of their own um that's
that's
what this is going for um and then if we
have
excess left over um we'll probably we'll
get take care of pajamas
and then find out what else what else
the shelter needs
so and we were doing this for 12
teens this year which is that's a big
number
and when you really think about it i
mean seriously that could really only be
you know a
couple of families they could have a lot
of kids but we don't know how it
breaks out it's just a uh it's a
disheartening number to see it
constantly go up
thank you raphael gomez
i hope this helps kids it will
thank you asthma
thank you bo you talk about community
and decentralizing power
shouldn't the whole world be our
community how do we build that
so the idea is that if power gets
decentralized
the the local areas will work together
because no local area is going to be
completely self-sufficient they'll be
close
but there will still be that need for
community
and in order for decentralization to
really work
you kind of have to have a a wide
a populist that's really educated really
informed so they will
just out of necessity try to
try to hang on one second
uh they will add a necessity try to
coordinate with other areas they'll
understand the importance of it
sorry somebody snuck in to get a snack
and
you know when you're trying to be quiet
and the bag just gets louder and louder
anyway
um that was miss bo if y'all heard her
uh i love your saturday i was really
surprised
yeah i always worry that that's the
first uh
first video that somebody's gonna see
anytime i do one
thank you natalie eggleston why have our
bases become so violent
are the people in charge not paying
attention i think in
i think it's some bases have um
what happened at hood i cannot picture
happening at at campbell or
benning i i don't see it i don't see it
occurring
um not to the extent that it did i mean
sure there would be isolated
isolated incidents there are everywhere
um
but there was definitely a command issue
on hood um that was something in that
original video
you know i tried to give him the benefit
of the doubt but i mean
in that original video i'm like yeah
this is command's fault this is
this is who's to blame and after the
investigation
that's what it was they they weren't
implementing programs they were doing a
lot of stuff incorrectly
and it was the it was the soldiers who
paid the price for
it uh thank you kelly
your restrained yet passionate
intelligence has revealed ways
to focus my range of political hypocrisy
never closing my eyes again
thank you yeah if you don't focus it and
you don't try to focus on the things
that you can change and work
towards it it will just burn you up and
eat you alive
thank you patrick brennan parents did
foster care for
years you're right teens often get left
out
uh thank you carrie
marrero thank you the grinch thank you
joe ann boylan
boylan thank you dorky hippy
thank you david halente
you're a legend uh i could have used
resources like this when i was detained
uh thank you sonic231
i thank you i love privacy could you do
a vid
on the risks of ubi governments start
seeing liabilities
instead of tax paying citizens uh yeah
that's
i mean i'm one of those people i'm so up
in the air on ubi
like i've looked at the math and the
math makes sense but from an ideological
perspective
i it's like to me that's moving the
wrong way but at the same time it may be
one of those things
that the only way we can get to where we
need to go is to go through something
that
isn't that isn't what we would
necessarily want
um so that's that's one that i'm
definitely
that's a topic i keep looking into
because i don't have a firm opinion on
it yet
i see the benefits of it but i also see
drawbacks
heard the boss in the background yep
thank you shane rose
hey with your second channel could you
do an episode on
general butler the bonus army in the
business plot
i actually have one on this
uh on this channel we'll probably do a
much more in-depth version
about butler on the other channel he's
one that
we'll probably dive into because
on this channel you know i explained i'm
like this guy's been around
this wasn't just some office general you
know
he had been around and the it seems very
likely that if his story is true and i
believe that it is
that he he stopped
he changed history by just making the
right choice at the right time
thank you dingoes316 thank you mr
hernandez
the truth always ages well thank you
michael petzo
petzl greetings from beyond the pond
all the best thank you thank you tk
glad you're doing this keep up the good
work thank you u.s 71 thank you
walker texas hose back
thank you james massey thank you bose
einstein seven
why does the right want secession bad
for their economy
um i don't know that a whole lot of
people actually understand what they ask
for at times
like you you know they don't have the
agricultural economy that they did at
one time
i i don't think secession and a breakup
of the united states would go as well
for them as they think
they don't actually have the economic
base that they need with the exception
of
texas and florida that's really it and
florida is heavily reliant
on travels from areas that would
no longer be in the nation presumably
thank you hello1814
keep it up great case because i'm
assuming
help us crash republican sedition right
i have a feeling that's going to take
care of itself but
we'll we'll see thank you xena j thank
you
sue father thank you rachel smith do you
have
a favorite board game uh i like trivial
pursuit
as if that's not just completely
stereotypical
of me um yeah i like trivial pursuit i
play risk i play chess
um you know
i i tend to like games that that make
you think
i recommend looking into spirit island
it is a cooperative game where you play
as a spirit
that is fighting off settlers
okay yeah i'll look into that it may be
a way of community of building community
yeah one of the things
about community networking and setting
those up is that the events that you do
they can't all be work related they have
to be fun
at the same time and sometimes you have
to have some that are just
plain fun um nobody wants
it should never feel like an obligation
beyond
an ethical one it shouldn't it shouldn't
be something that monopolizes your time
thank you snake lady greta
i am totally not doing the cobra
commander impersonation here
season's greetings i wish i could send
more
uh thank you nathan center for my
sister jessica and all other teachers
who wish they could do more right now
thank you aaron anderson i don't have
much but whatever i can spare i'm
willing to help
trust me this it it adds up so quickly
that like i i know that this is going to
be a success
um after having been around y'all
long enough i know that we were going to
be able to do this when they told me how
many more there were
i wasn't worried i was like wow that's
surprising
but i wasn't worried that we weren't
going to be able to come up with it um
thank you timothy ball thank you tash
please tell miss bo we appreciate her
letting us take up so much of your time
and she can use a break at times too i
mean imagine living with somebody that
talks as much as i do
uh thank you
terlan tech tekken dewis taking this
greetings from your northern neighbor
thank you sir so keep up the great work
you ed trevors and working stiff usa are
my three favorite channels
if you're not familiar with working
stiff usa and abby
does a lot of community networking stuff
mutual aid stuff
um she approaches it from something that
is just overtly
left you know like um
i think a lot of people we try to make
it
to where it doesn't seem so so left
so progressive in the ideas um
at the end of the day it's kind of
pointless that's where it came from
it is what it is um and i think there's
a lot of
i think there's a lot of value in just
being like yeah this is where the idea
came from
live with it and that's what she does
she doesn't attempt to hide it at
um all you katie hawkins thank you
joseph
m burkheimer
i wonder if you could recommend a
counterpart on the other side of the
fence
who do you listen to for the other point
of view
um i uh
so i tend to listen to the most
inflammatory people
on the other side because that's where
the rhetoric eventually rolls
um and right now i don't know that there
are many
who are trying to calm things down other
than those
who you hear about in the news and
they're not
they're not pundits they're actual
politicians who see the danger of what's
happening
you know i never in my life pictured my
me
saying something positive about mitt
romney but he is one of the few that's
like y'all have lost your minds
you know you can't do this
thank you william carroll thank you john
juarde ward
from ireland and i'm trying to use your
videos to help promote local music
through community action
thanks for everything that's awesome
thank you vadar mors
small critique for the second channel
you should start
each video with let's get this bow on
the road
nice um yeah somebody actually pointed
out
i think it's like the most liked comment
in under that video
that basically says that's what i need
to do that's that's how i need to
to frame that channel um
so i'm definitely going to take that
under advisement thank you brian lopez
gorman thank you deanna hardy
thank you for this and all you do i was
just telling my husband last night i
prefer to give
to domestic shelters because often
yeah a lot of times they don't have any
possessions when they arrive
um so
yeah it it's it's definitely a worthy
cause
it they always need help too because
sadly they're always busy
uh thank you ryan nowicki
how do you think republicans will try to
stop trump from completing the party
takeover
and how will they work with democrats to
stop progressives
um i don't know
i still think there's a lot of them that
can that feel like the
he's still beneficial i think once he's
out
everybody's going to distance him
themselves and i think he's they're
going to make fun of him
and i think that's going to make him mad
and he's going to be on twitter all the
time or
the the right-wing news networks
um and i think it's gonna be a battle
they they created
this monster and they're gonna have to
deal with it um
i don't know how they plan on doing it
as far as
how to work with democrats to stop like
real progressives
those same way they always have thank
you
llm
tally creations you've got 1022 watching
just as a reminder to anybody who just
showed up right now we are raising funds
for a domestic violence shelter
to get gifts for teens um
that are currently there uh that's what
we're doing we're trying to get enough
to get a tablet earbuds case
netflix card and a gift card for
everybody that's our main goal we get
if we raise more than that we're gonna
get pajamas and some other stuff that
they need there at the shelter
uh thank you i love privacy
i hope you can get something nice for
the kids i am sure i'm certain we will
thank you david craig
thank you beautiful butterfly thank you
peter j slack here's ten bucks canadian
so it's only like a fifth of a us dollar
i don't think it's that
thank you lionel lionel jails
sex you can't remain anonymous thank you
shane rose
well if it wasn't for you i would have
never heard of him or the bonus army
yeah again talking about uh general
butler
uh yeah that's definitely
the bonus plot in general butler is
something that everybody should look
into right now
the good news is that many of the people
who would be in his situation
right now are of his same the same level
of integrity
i know that for a lot that's hard to
to picture at times but that's
realistically those who have the skill
set to do it
never would um and they're they're
pretty open in that
thank you sit flying dmd
figured out how to donate keep up the
good work your channel is the only one
that i have to watch every day from
kuwait
furry potato news thank you
it does help everything helps thank you
sean monroe
happy holidays to you and all of your
loved ones bo
thank you for all you do thank you count
thank you susie rose
i have mental health issues that can
make it difficult to take action you
inspire me to do what i can when i can
for as long as i can
thank you uh
thank you slither incest
slytherin sis jennifer
it's easier if it's easier yeah thanks
for the opportunity peace and good will
to all except the abusers
but especially to my fellow internet
people thank you contrafax
thank you mark forman thank you for
being a space to
open closed minds to hard topics
thank you wc wright44
thank you lf thank you mel m
thank you i had one
the channel just jumped and there we go
didn't go
too far back thank you latonia
which wachowski was itchowski
sorry thank you uh thank you tl
thank you alex barber thank you
cheryl bro amazing work
oh my mother was a victim of domestic
violence not my dad
but i lived through it prayers for these
families
thank you jason bell thank you felicia
mcrae
thank you cody h spokane washington a
very red
city in a blue state your videos have
really got me through the last year
thank you melody kate thank you joanne
kennedy
okay
all right so let's see did oh
i just paused for me okay
thank you katie porter's whiteboard nice
uh thank you christine
thank you matthew shea
what do you think the best approach to
healing the divide between
elite coastals who look down on the
south
and southerners who feel resentful of
that
i'm low-key convinced that the divide
isn't helping politically
um the divide between
the coastal elites which is something
that gets
brought up a lot you know it's it's
funny
here in the south because it's
entertaining because to the north of me
yeah people are resentful but just
south of me where the coast is where the
beach is where all the coastal elites
come and spend money
yeah they like them down there um i
think there's a divide
and i think that the the way to overcome
it is actually education
um at the end of the day we need a
baseline of facts that people can agree
on and right now we're not getting it
it seems that facts are up for debate
stuff that is plainly true
people will uh
people will deny and that's i think
that's a big part of it
thank you william milhouse i pledge
allegiance to liberty and justice for
all long time watcher thank you
thank you matt schwager greetings from
germany
thank you so much thank you brian nelson
thank you
and i have some at lptx
nice thank you elise forrest
keep your post coming that was my
brother from another mother yeah i do
not plan on stopping i will be doing
this for
as long as y'all continue to watch to be
honest i
i enjoy this um i feel like i'm doing
some good
and the way it all came about was
very uh
something that that i feel like it had
to have happened for a reason
i know and that whole fate thing
uh thank you emma freeman thank you john
little
thank you for common sense approach to
hard topics thank you woody woodman
wishing everyone a happy and healthy
holiday season
love and prayers to those in the shelter
may they have better days going forward
thank you donna gross happy holidays
everyone hope everyone who is
do hope everyone here is doing happy
and healthy and same to your friends and
family for all those offering our love
is with you
thank you huge in japan thanks for being
the voice common sense reason
thank you matt taglish have you thought
about doing a collab with channels like
contra points
and philosophy tube yeah i mean i'm i'm
very
open to collaborations one of the things
that
in fact i'm working on one right now um
but i like to do them when
there's value to it there are times when
a collaboration is is is necessary
and like with contra points i think
there would be a perfect moment at time
in time where that's going to occur
um where something happens in the news
where that production would carry more
value
than just just us doing something normal
um but yes she's definitely on my list
um so it's philosophy tube there's a
bunch of them that i have
that in the event of something big where
it can we can kind of capitalize
it on it and show shine a light on all
of the other issues to relate to
whatever that news story is
i think that those are the best times to
do those
um
let's see thank you diane
simbello thank you ian khan
thanks for being the voice of sanity
merry christmas to you your family
and the families you're helping tonight
thank you tim kettner
question how do we go to war to
go from world war ii rationing growing
victory gardens to support our troops
in a war that took 470 000 americans to
it's a small percentage of the
population i'm not going to wear a mask
i don't know i i don't understand a lot
of the logic these are the same people
who wear plate carriers to events where
everybody else is unarmed
like they i just i don't get it
um i don't know how that transition
happened
i have to assume that it has something
to do with education and not teaching
critical thought
or risk assessment um but yeah it's
definitely been a wild ride
since the 1950s uh
thank you ron jacobs thank you cb
thank you ethan were you me
2020 shirt some months ago between the
election and it helped me bridge
between me and my conservative
republican father cool
thank you taj i got to get going looking
forward to that video
and hearing about how much we were able
to do for these kids
i can buy you a beer in virginia one day
absolutely i'm always down for a beer
thank you thank you
yeah i said it thank you uh what is this
martial the faithful
beau said capitalize i did i said the
word
uh thank you nicole vance thank you i
work
with the dv shelter as well and we have
great need as well
unfortunately yeah this time of year is
it's something else
uh thank you pudding the same
this is for batman pajamas
all right i'll make a note of that
uh thank you brock the exasperated
thanks for the content we never
know how strong we are until we realize
we did not break
that's right at the same time as we're
having a lot of issues right now
there are a lot of institutions and
people in groups that are showing how
resilient they are
so there is some good news there
i think there will ever be a candidate
that protects my right to bear arms and
also not bear children
uh thank you dina um
there are a couple that that sit out
there
as far as a major one i don't know
because that is you know those are two
hot button issues from political
extremes
when it comes to the parties um
that's yeah that's a uh
that you you're probably gonna be
waiting for that while at least
for somebody that has a lot of clout um
thank you jurgen gosh
can't wait for the second channel thanks
for everything you do
we stand you brother yeah just as a
reminder the second channel is now up
there's a placeholder for it with a
video
um that's explaining what it is it's
called uh
the rhodes with bow uh thank you evie 84
thank you for doing this but teenagers
get a bad rap and are often not thought
of
now what's one external action
that you think would drastically reduce
physical violence
in the home
i think we uh should probably stop
glorifying
violence at every turn making it an
acceptable fault
of a lot of anti-heroes is something
that i've seen um
that you know there's a lot of shows
where you know
your your main character has to have
some flaw
perhaps engaging in domestic violence
isn't the right one to have
because it still sends that message that
it's acceptable
thank you bart m never been happier to
take a chance on a random youtube
channel
it took forever to get through all of
your past videos but it was worth it
can't wait to see the new channel thank
you
uh yeah i i always wonder how people
stumble on it
um thank you cano
kenovich can knowledge rogers
could i also donate shirts um
right now you'll have to look last time
i checked
they were only taking
brand new items or
yeah i mean because of the public health
stuff going on but
definitely their website if you want to
look is shelter house
shelterhouse nwfl.com
or dot org shelter house in northwest
florida
um and they have a whole bunch of
different means to donate
and i will i recently
last night tweeted out my p.o box if
you don't want to ship it to them or you
want to ship it to me until
until they can take them i can hold them
and drop them off
um thank you spock can you save me
thank you bonsai shade thank you amanda
tickenin ticketing
i filled about half my pantry freezer
from my garden this year
i want to help take the strain off of
the food system for those who don't have
the ability to grow something
yeah yeah victory gardens
growing your own food planting your yard
um
that's really it's incredibly helpful
and not just in the way of yeah it
lowers your your grocery bill but it
reduces the strain
and if you combine that with actually
learning how to can
you can actually help those who don't
have you know what they need
it there aren't really many downsides to
it you get exercise you were do
i mean it's all good um you just have to
have the time to do it
thank you john lanham rule 303 thank you
gooby1 love your post so glad i found
your channel
as it makes sense in the current
senseless environment right
thank you ka thank you for being you
you've kept me and my husband saying
during 2020.
thank you spock can you save me bo love
you i would love to call
in you have a call and number okay so at
some point
that's something we're going to add
we're going gonna add some way to do a
call-in show
and i honestly just haven't figured out
the logistics yet
um part of that is because i am so far
out in the boonies
that it's really hard to get a signal to
do stuff like that
as far as wi-fi connection um but we're
working on that
people have suggested a bunch of
different methods to to help
and we're trying to figure it out
thank you vadar when do you think we'll
get ranked choice voting at the national
level
um i think it'll end up being enacted at
the state
levels different states will
enact them to the degree that it it
it impacts the federal level you know if
if
every state does it and decides to award
electors in that way or whatever
they don't we don't need a
constitutional convention we don't need
the federal government to do it
and i think that's probably how it's
going to play out
i don't see a mass concerted effort to
make it
to make it something at the federal
level
thank you jax p thank you random
sherlock
do you think an effective way to
introduce common sense
gun regulation is to start
an armed while muslim trend how about a
video on the topic i think there could
be negative consequences to that
um i get it i get the logic there
and in fact i've i have some friends who
who actually tried something similar
with a different group
i'm just always worried about the
potential for blowback
on that group
so i mean i get it and yeah
realistically it would probably work
playing to playing to the right to
racism
is something that really doesn't fail
very often
thank you karen sita here's my
contribution which reminds me i should
donate to some local place here as well
yes um
any thoughts on whether trump will be
able to corrupt
faithless electors i don't think it's
gonna matter i i don't
i think all of this is a show and i
think he even knows it's a show i think
it's
more about creating legal cases so he
can keep his legal defense fund up and
siphon off the money enrich himself
that's really what i think it is i think
at this point
he knows it's over um you know
we have reports now that that melania
has been
shipping stuff off to trump towers in
mar-a-lago
like they know they're leaving um
thank you family tuned
not sure what type of shelter these
children are in
but it really doesn't matter as a former
foster child this is amazing
we need more like you uh in this
particular case
it is a domestic violence shelter now
i've actually been
because i do like to vet groups that
that we help i've been looking at
there's an orphanage like a
an orphanage nearby i didn't even know
they existed
here in florida i thought that was
something that had gone away but there's
one that exists
and it's more geared towards
teens and kids who are on the street
and bringing them off the street and
i've been looking into them for a while
and trying to get a
kind of a good read on on who they are
and people have said
that they're good and everything like
that but it's
i just haven't done the vetting that i
feel like i should before i say hey
let's
you know let's do this um thank you
vadar morse
so when do you think there will be
enough states using ranked choice voting
where it becomes de facto system yeah
probably 2040
i mean to use your numbers i don't think
it's going to be in the next eight years
um probably closer to 2040 than 2028.
um
thank you t pedes
again stumble across the stream at
random thank you tim kettner
don't use no 5g out there democrat mine
yeah yeah that's yeah
i mean that's something that you would
hear out here okay
uh let's see and this is a note from
miss bo
i think we have already passed our
initial donation numbers
for the main goal these internet people
are absolutely amazing thank you happy
holidays love miss bo
so i mean that's good news when it comes
in
i have they come in so quickly i have no
way to realistically keep track of
how well it's going um but
yeah i'm fairly certain that we have
we definitely got the tablets the case
that all of that stuff
and that's always good you know to hit
the goal
looks like an hour and seven minutes um
which which is nice uh
let's see and there's some mmt
experts i could get one of them on here
might you be interested in interviewing
them
i at some point i would like to do a
video like i did with maxi where i call
and have the other person explain
various pieces of an overall concept
because that's i've realized that's the
way to get the information out to people
who have
no starting point for it and when it
comes to economics i mean that's kind of
me
i mean that's not an area i'm really
strong in
thank you jim guerrez
would like to have the option to email
donations 100
of the donation being donated
uh yeah if you want to go that route
and in this case the shelter is shelter
house of northwest florida so shelter
house nwfl
and that it all goes straight to them
but when we're doing this on youtube
youtube does take a cut but i just
i eat that i make up the difference um
so the money that you give to this
is going to go to that good cause
um let's see thank you
aleister francis love in solidarity from
the uk
thank you michelle smell frank choice
voting you can also
push for it at a county level to get the
ball rolling
yeah i mean that's one of the good
things about how decentralized our
voting structure is
river killed the doctor thank you
uh would it be possible to cover the
gains that progressives made in the
house
and local state legislatures yeah that's
probably something we're gonna need to
talk about
is because right now people are focusing
on
the trump out aspect of the election
there were a lot of other unique little
things that played out
um and we'll probably focus more on that
after january thank you adam rash
thanks for all you do i'm glad you found
a voice of reason
uh thank you charles rosenberg thank you
a spooky fox
um greetings from savannah
how do you think the runoff will go uh
if the republican party keeps
fighting itself
i mean that's probably very helpful to
democrats
um let's see
thank you caper here
thank you ugh okay
any thoughts on privatization of
military
police messing with normal chain of
command for good or bad
uh privatization of anybody armed
it's it's useful on small levels i don't
know about
privatizing the police at all but
privatizing
the military i'm actually going to be
doing a video about this because dod
does appear to be pulling their
so okay short version the military can
temporarily assign they can detail
people to
intelligence agencies and it's been
something that's been going on for a
while
ever since about 2001 because the
opposition was non-state and they didn't
have to maintain plausible deniability
now that the main opposition that the
u.s government is setting up
is looking more to be china and russia
they're state actors
so any operations are going to have to
be done by civilians
because the us government needs to be
able
to have the opportunity to say oh that
wasn't us
you can't do that when it's actual
soldiers so
there's the privatization of that is
going to come back you're going to see a
lot more contractors working for
intelligence agencies
rather than the u.s special operations
community being transferred to them for
a short period of time
but that's about the only way that it's
helpful in any way shape or form
generally it's pretty much all bad
thank you zkr99 broken up here and
here's my christmas spirit
uh thank you do as those
sending my support from the mitten
sending to my local food pantry as well
love what you do yeah that's
another thing that right now is going to
become really important thank you engine
fair
the clear analysis you have been giving
has really been a bright spot lately so
much
of the news just seems to push fear yeah
it it's more profitable to push fear
um it really is
as far as getting people to click on it
the the doomsday headlines are always
better
and when people click on it the ad
revenue is better it's
but i i don't i don't think it's helpful
to do it that way uh thank you heaven
desmond
it's not a lot but i hope it it
certainly will
thank you olamoco
keep up the good fight love your videos
and thoughts
greetings from sweden
thank you mark mumbleweed
beaufort uk prime minister
uh i don't know how that play out i mean
that
sounds like a plot to a romantic comedy
at some point
uh thank you n.a
sorry i'm late for the party thank you
for everything you do
thank you kami lizzie thank you eric
boyet
thank you deborah serrano thank you
brandon boer
okay i would love to take a self-def
clint defense class from you we may
actually start doing that again
or i may team up with somebody who's
still like i haven't done one of those
in a long time
but we may bring somebody on like when
we go out on the road that's around that
can do those
um i don't i don't even know if i'm
still
certified to teach that stuff anymore
i'm sure that those things expire
from the companies that basically they
license
their their techniques um
i don't even know if i i have that thank
you raven slark
cheesecake a pie or cake cheesecake
almost
always um thank you
pam bookham
gotta be clear yeah the public health
stuff is what's uh
delaying the second channel a whole lot
um
okay okay
so let's see we're gonna do
a last call for questions here um
and i forgot to put something on twitter
this time
how do you take your steak about as rare
as humanly possible
um thank you dkan moore
10 of the king shiny shillings
if you say
in a cornish pirates i don't even know
what that is
cornish harsh biscuits i don't know what
that is
thank you as an lgbt person
i've met many teenagers in need of
shelter this is a good cause
solidarity from sweden thank you spike
love
i'm laid off but i have two stills and
plenty of supplies
thank you vadar morse that was the right
answer if you're ever in arizona get
your robot
deal cornish pirate i'm gonna have to
like
go on youtube and see what that sounds
like um
little trump hunker in the bunker before
being forced to remove i don't think so
i don't think so uh
is it okay that i have purchased a few
gift cards and hand them out locally
i always thought that was your message
yeah anytime you can do something
locally anytime you can help
in any way that you're able to um is
always good
i mean like there's never a lot of times
there's no downside to it
um so
yeah i mean my when it comes to helping
you know it's
do what you can when you can where you
can for as long as you can you know if
you have the ability to do it
you should i mean that's it's
it's simple it's a simple it's a very
simple message
i can't can't do a lot of videos on it
because it's it's
it's short ah thank you sammy das
thank you for using your platform to do
what you do i worry that we no longer
have the language to engage in
meaningful discourse
yeah your videos give me hope that we
may not be totally doomed
thank you max scrap tracks it'd be
really cool to see you do a collab with
henry rollins
yeah i think that'd be cool too yeah
i would i would come up with a reason to
do that if i thought that was a
possibility
uh thank you santas modis uh thank you
dratham lomas doubling my donor from
last year
2020 has been kind of rough for me but
thanks for the news and thoughts
thank you lissa radd as a social
statistician
the recent arguments of the u.s
administration make me want to pull out
my hair
greetings from germany yeah yeah
they're pretty bad uh sean brewer thank
you
i've been thinking about making my own
channel i'm pretty sure it'll just be a
less eloquent ripoff of yours
um please don't sue me no
if if that's what you want to do do it
look at the end of the day there are
there are times when it's not the
message it's the messenger you may be
able to relate to people that i they
would never listen to me
that i assure you there are people that
have seen my face especially when the
beard was
full and bushy um that just scrolled
right past the thumbnail simply because
of that
so i don't i don't ever have a problem
when somebody takes something that i've
said
and makes it their own and makes their
own that does not bother me at all
um in fact i think it's kind of
necessary to get to where we're going
um or we want to go anyway
do you think trump will participate in
the normal inauguration stuff or just
slip it no
i don't think he's showing up provides
an inauguration
um i find that really unlikely
um that was punk's eye thank you for
everybody who's
been moderating the comments i see y'all
down there
thank you coral family thank you kim tim
kettner
how much damage has trump done to our
great experiments with his shots at our
voting system i think more than anybody
realizes
i think it's going to be a while maybe a
full generation
before a lot of people have full faith
in that system again
like that's one of those things it's
like a
it's like a mirror i mean once it's
broke i mean you can
you can repair it but you're still going
to see the crack
thank you michelle
thank you santas modis
thank you cat cat thank you
joyce karnaz thank you for all you do i
tell everyone to watch your videos
thank you um
bo any thoughts on e-s-n-s
voting the machine um
i don't i have not put a lot of uh
effort into that topic to be honest
um i don't i find it
odd the whole idea
that that occurred is based on the idea
that
trump knows how to do it and chose not
to
that seems really unlikely i mean he's a
he's a he's a very dishonest actor
i believed if he was even remotely aware
of the way to do it he would have done
it himself
i just i don't see it as likely thank
you suge monkey
shout out to your discord thanks for
what you do yes
so we have a discord for our patreon and
honestly they they've run it themselves
in fact the the whole thing we have a
minecraft server now
and like i was like yeah that's a great
idea let me
do this part my part of it to get it set
up and y'all can handle it and then i
forgot to do my part and they just did
it anyway
and sent me a message later um
and i really do there are so many people
that actually make this channel possible
that never
get any credit um
thank you maharam thoughts on the
situation in bolivia
um i'll be honest the last time i was
looking was it
was it the more low intensity aspect of
what was going on down there
and watching it just kind of fall apart
um i haven't been keeping up with it as
much as i should
to be completely honest um
let's see charles rosenberg thank you
any moderates
are moderates in georgia going to help
or her progressives
um and something like that
it's probably we have to look at it from
geographic standpoint
in georgia what we consider a moderate
most of people
watching this channel would consider a
moderate that's like super progressive
for george
so it it we can't look at it as all or
nothing
it's more of a matter of are they moving
in the right direction
um but
there there's definitely a lot of
there's a lot of people who are
being cast as progressive or radical or
whatever who really aren't even liberal
you know that's more of a problem
because that actually helps move things
the other direction
thank you wrath 1720 thank you veganly
just got here i'm glad i caught the live
stream wish it could be more
everybody everybody is doing what they
can and it's all working
um we've we've got it i'm fairly certain
of that thank you daniel gager
danielle gager thank you joe s
great cause happy to contribute and
agree
henry rollins out
i may send out an email see what happens
uh
thank you deacon moore looking forward
to seeing
trump in attendance for the inaugural
opening of donald j
trump prison library
uh
thank you amber chris
crystal daughter tell those kids people
care about them
i think everybody and everybody in this
chat just did that
i think everybody watching this just did
that um
and they will certainly get the message
so
i am uh i am i'm pretty positive
that we got what we need i i'm pretty
sure that it all came through
and yeah in an hour and a half we did it
despite having a much larger goal
so i really appreciate it thank you
tim kettner do you think biden should
have the fcc rules reinstated that were
removed because of a bipartisan lobby
from turner and turner
concerning matters of great importance
man y'all are asking some super specific
questions tonight
um as far as
fcc rules there i
a lot of this is
it's occurring over the internet and a
lot of it is very it's very hard
for any government agency to regulate it
because it is very decentralized and
that's
kind of how it was supposed to be um
i don't know that regulations are going
to be the end-all be-all to fixing this
problem
i i think that we're going to have to
work on more so than anything
is getting people to understand that
they can't believe everything they read
on the internet
um but
all of these all of the stuff that's
most of the stuff that's getting brought
up tonight that we're talking about
is stuff that we're definitely going to
be going into in depth
over the next year um you know there's a
lot of people who are sad
that trump's probably leaving you know
as far as youtube creators because let's
be honest for
the last few years you could just walk
out check his twitter and hey you had
content because guaranteed he said
something that could be talked about
um but now hopefully
we're going to be in a situation where
we can actually start
not just holding the line but moving
forward
and so a lot of these topics we're going
to be discussing in depth
thank you christopher cotton
really looking forward to the second
channel i don't always believe
what i think right yeah i
believe as many as 12 impossible things
um
thank you kojo
idrissa i got here late and i'm not sure
what we're raising money for but i trust
so here's my part we are raising money
for
teens in a domestic violence shelter to
get them gifts and stuff
and it's it's been a success
thank you blue smoke i just watched the
longest most highly produced pair of
commercials for television
channel packages i have ever seen on
youtube
hope that helps yes and in reality
the the ads that's what makes up
um the youtube cut like so
when you guys donate youtube takes a
percentage of it
i just kind of put it back in and use
um the ad revenue from the videos
to fill it in um so
thank you a spooky fox
henry's cool and all but
with jello biafra i you know i'm down to
to do a lot of stuff um there there's a
couple of things that i've wanted to do
just haven't had the ability because
some of what we have to be in person to
do
but we're getting closer to that point
thank you regina devine
thank you for always using your platform
to do so much good
thank you queen t sanders worthy calls
okay all right so we we're we're there
and i don't want to drag this out too
long um
thank you fern blitz
is it ever going to be possible for
twitter to cancel trump's work oh yeah i
think they're going to do that
right after as soon as he's not
president anymore
he has made enough tweets that they can
go back and find the
the terms of service violations because
a lot of the stuff that he said
he can only say because he's president
um
i definitely see that as happening is it
possible to have fox news shut down
i don't see that as likely but i i think
that
we should do a better job of
highlighting their legal arguments when
they get sued
perhaps if people knew that fox's
lawyers say hey you know what no
reasonable person would believe us
in court that may matter to some people
um thank you ricardo um
it's all about giving stay safe
thank you sharakov
2814 after the new year make sure you
take some time for yourself
just go fishing gotta save the little
things too
yeah i will definitely do that
i want bow as a regular on evening skus
thank you madam gotham
do you think about the abs do you think
about the absence of coverage in u.s
media about the largest
yes oh yeah i've actually been meaning
to do a video on this and the night i
was going to do it abby who i mentioned
earlier from working stiff usa actually
put something out about it it was
it was prevented presented in this very
passionate and emotional way
so there is this massive strike going on
in india
it's huge um and it
there's a lot of nuance to it as but
basically
the farmers need help is is where it
seems outside looking in
that's where most of it is coming from
there were a lot of policies that were
put in place
that have impacted them and some that
haven't even taken
effect yet and they're afraid they're
going to impact them and by looking at
it
they have reason to worry i don't know
for certain
that it's going to but i understand
their concerns
the the main thing as far as the united
states and what we can learn from it
is you are talking about i want to say
it was 200 million people
organized almost the population of our
country
participated in this it was just amazing
um and
to answer the question do you think that
the absence of coverage is deliberate
uh yes to some degree but i think it's
more about money
i don't i don't believe that network
tv believes anybody's going to care
about
farmers in india in the united states i
think
i think it has to do more with their
perceived ratings of that
than anything uh
then then any attempt to
stifle the idea of organizing i mean i
could be wrong about that and i am very
open to being wrong about that
but just the
it hasn't been dramatic enough
with the exception of the numbers
involved and in the u.s right now
we have all this crazy lawsuit stuff to
talk about
thank you leonardos like the country of
sierra alone
oh leon appreciate you
thank you thank you t-rex
big fan of your work from ireland keep
it up spike love
abby is awesome co-signed
uh
silver kyrie idea for merch face mask
with a photo of your beard printed on
them
thank you a christian anarchist
thoughts and prayers for me and my
girlfriend some material assistants of
course
thank you thank you keith
porsche let's go to starts out
texas attempting to challenge
presidential election results and
is that a headline did that just happen
that would be great
i don't know what i'm making a video
about tonight
i hope that just occurred thank you mu
young
hopefully this helps to community and
helping each other out i am
i'm very certain that uh
i'm very certain that we've hit our goal
um so
i i'm sure that we're good to go and i
really appreciate this
um and i'm sure that they appreciate
this
thank you lynn edler but we're going to
wrap it up here
for tonight and for those who are going
to be watching this later
and say you missed it i forgot to do the
twitter thing
but i'll put up a q a thing on twitter
so if anybody has any questions you feel
free to
drop them there okay
so anyway this should if you're just
right
closing in if you're just joining in
we've been raising money for
a domestic violence shelter here it's
called shelter house of northwest
florida
um if you want to make i think punk's
eye just dropped a
link he did uh
yes so there is a link
in the chat now um
let's see
it's shelter house of northwest florida
is the name of it you can donate there
directly there are a whole bunch of
different options you can even specify
how you want your
donation to go this is something we're
doing
outside of it oh and as a just because
people keep asking
you know why i don't say the name of the
charity until we're actually doing it
um this way
the charity group involved the
organization we're helping they don't
get people who dislike me contacting
them beforehand
the other thing i do is i do not allow
um i don't really let them know
exactly what we're doing and how we're
doing it or when we're doing it that way
they have deniability and they could say
hey
you know this person who has these views
that maybe not everybody agrees with
we're not really responsible for them we
didn't even know he was doing this
um it's just a method of protecting the
organizations that we help
thank you big green fish thank you
delaine ragland got it showed up late
but i'm down to support
okay thank you guys thank you all thank
you internet people um
and i i will we'll do a video like last
time showing you the results of this
and showing you what uh
what we accomplished in one hour and 35
minutes
anyway it's just a thought y'all have a
good night thank you julie anderson